[DOC] Add new feature Dashboard list extensions (#3443)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-dashboards/plugins.md

---
layout: default
title: Managing OpenSearch Dashboards plugins
nav_order: 100
redirect_from: 
  - /dashboards/install/plugins
  - /install-and-configure/install-dashboards/plugins/
---

# Managing OpenSearch Dashboards plugins

> OpenSearch Dashboards uses a command line tool called `opensearch-plugin` for managing plugins. This tool allows you to:

Reviewer: "provides" instead of "uses"?

{% endcomment %}

## Viewing a list of installed plugins

To view the list of installed plugins from the command line, use the following command:

```bash
sudo bin/opensearch-dashboards-plugin list
```

To view a list of plugins in the OpenSearch Dashboards UI:

1. Connect to OpenSearch Dashboards.

> 2. Select 

Reviewer: I'm assuming there should be more text here.

Author: Deleted from this page, as it's covered in the Dashboard app section.

> Viewing the list of plugins from the UI was introduced in OpenSearch Dashboards 2.7. Earlier versions do not include this functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ability to view the list of plugins in the UI was introduced in OpenSearch Dashboards 2.7. Earlier versions do not include this functionality.
```
